1. Create  Azure Function App that processes images that are uploaded to an Azure Blob  container
   mimnimize latency

   1.Consumption plan -- minmize cost, pay as u go , this will scale based on no of events
   2. Blob Storage trigger - obvious

   App Service plan is not efficeint since its costly and its always running

 2 U have an app that will place the orders to an azure queue storage
 maxDequeueCount - The number of times to try processing a message before moving it to the poison
 queue. Default value is 5.
 When there are multiple queue messages waiting, the queue trigger retrieves a batch of messages and
invokes function instances concurrently to process them.
By default, the batch size is 16

2. Eventual Consistency: updates are propagated,user might see wrong updates,social media likes
   Consistent prefix -- writes are in order , might be delay , chat app or message queues
   Session Consistency: Guarantees that within a single user session, the user will always read their own most recent updates
                         shopping cart or profile update

3. what are the Two possible ways to achieve the goal of running a static generation script before the website starts serving traffic:

   B. Add a PreBuild target in the website's csproj project file that runs the static content generation script.
   This ensures that the script runs during the build process,
   before the website is deployed to Azure.
   The PreBuild target is executed before the build, making sure the content is generated before deployment.

   D. Create a file named .deployment in the root of the repository that calls a script which
   generates the static content and deploys the website.
   The .deployment file can specify custom deployment steps, including running a script to generate static content.
   This allows you to define what happens during deployment, ensuring the static content is generated before the app serves traffic.

4. A copy of your storage account must be created in another region. Data must be copied from the current
   storage account to the new storage account directly between the storage servers.
   You need to create a copy of the storage account in another region and copy the data.
   In which order should you perform the actions

   the correct order is
   1 export a Resource Manager template: this will have all config details about the existing of the current storage account
   2. create a new template out it
   3. Modify the template by adding the target region and storage account name:
   4. Deploy the template to create the new storage account
   5. Configure the new storage account:
   6. use az copy

 5. When a VM is provisioned the firewall must be automatically configured before it can access Azure
    resources.
    Supporting services must be installed by using an Azure PowerShell script that is stored in Azure
    Storage.

    Answers
    Run command -- manulay run scripts and Hybrid
    hybrid runbook worker - Typically used for running Azure Automation Runbooks on a VM

 6. for assigning system assigned identity use  to system
 Set-AzVM -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroup -Name $vmName -IdentityType SystemAssigned

 7. You develop a software as a service (SaaS) offering to manage photographs. Users upload photos to a
    web service which then stores the photos in Azure
    Storage Blob storage. The storage account type is General-purpose V2.
    When photos are uploaded, they must be processed to produce and save a mobile-friendly version of the
    image. The process to produce a mobile-friendly version of the image must start in less than one minute.
    You need to design the process that starts the photo processing.
    Solution: Create an Azure Function app that uses the Consumption hosting model and that is triggered
    from the blob upload.
    Does the solution meet the goal
    Yes
    Consumption Hosting Model: The Consumption plan is a cost-effective option where you are only charged for the actual execution time of the function.
     It also automatically scales based on the number of requests, ensuring that the function can handle varying workloads
     (such as multiple photo uploads) without additional configuration.
    Real-time Processing: Since the function is triggered by the blob upload event, the photo processing begins almost immediately,
    ensuring quick processing of the images.

    Do not use No, Azure Blob Storage change feed

    Explanation:
    The Azure Blob Storage change feed is used to log changes in Blob storage,
    but it is not designed to trigger immediate actions like starting image processing


 8. You are developing an ASP.NET Core web application. You plan to deploy the application to Azure Web
    App for Containers.
    The application needs to store runtime diagnostic data that must be persisted across application restarts.

     WEBSITES_ENABLE_APP_SERVICE_STORAGE set to true --
     /home/ directory
     will be shared across scale instances, and files written will persist across restarts

 9. To configure the Azure Application Gateway for the web app and ensure SSL traffic routing, the two correct actions are:

   1. In the Azure Application Gateway's HTTP setting, enable the "Use for App service" setting.
   gateway understands that it's communicating with an Azure App Service and automatically handles SSL Termination and necessary settings

   2.In the Azure Application Gateway's HTTP setting, set the value of the "Override backend path" option to contoso.azurewebsites.net.
   you need to override the backend path to match the exact web app hostname (contoso.azurewebsites.net) since the app gateway uses its own path

   what is the difference between app service and appservice env

   Feature	     App Service	                               App Service Environment (ASE)
   Hosting	    Multi-tenant, shared environment	           Dedicated, isolated environment (single tenant)
   Networking	Public-facing, no default VNet integration	   VNet integration, private networking with ILB
   Scaling	    Autoscaling with shared resources	           Dedicated scaling, supports large-scale workloads
   Cost	        Generally less expensive	                   More expensive due to dedicated resources
   Use Case	    Public web apps, APIs, general use	           High-security, private apps, enterprise workloads
   Isolation	No isolation from other apps	                Fully isolated (dedicated infrastructure)

 10.  How do you ensure that the customer ID of the signed-in user is associated with all operations throughout the system?
 Add the customer ID for the signed-in user to the CorrelationContext in the web application.
 correlationContext is used to carry custom data (like customer ID) throughout the request and response lifecycle,

 Not correct
 spanContext and TraceId  s used to track distributed tracing, not to store custom information like a customer ID.
 (Ocp-Apim-Trace): This header is specific to Azure API Management and not for general use in application telemetry.



