case study qustion


Here's a summarized version of the case study questions:

Corporate Website:
How can you secure the website using SSL and HTTPS?
How to minimize storage costs while ensuring data replication across regions?
How to fix the CryptographicException related to file access?

Azure Database for PostgreSQL:
How to always use the latest connection string stored in Azure Key Vault?
How to securely manage the database connection string?

Azure Service Bus and Azure Event Grid:
How to route Event Grid events for queue-based load leveling?
How to continue routing events from Service Bus to Event Grid?

Security:
How to manage SSL certificates and credentials securely?
What measures are needed for file access control?

Compliance:
How to meet GDPR requirements for auditing file updates?

Issues:
How to resolve the CryptographicException error on the corporate website?
How to address the function timeout error for RequestUserApproval?
How to fix the 400 Bad Request error in the Logic App call to RequestUserApproval?

Corporate website -
While testing the site, the following error message displays: CryptographicException: The system cannot find the file specified.

Function app -
You perform local testing for the RequestUserApproval function. The following error message displays: 'Timeout value of 00:10:00 exceeded by function: RequestUserApproval'
The same error message displays when you test the function in an Azure development environment when you run the following Kusto query:
FunctionAppLogs -
| where FunctionName = = "RequestUserApproval"

Logic app -
You test the Logic app in a development environment. The following error message displays:
'400 Bad Request'
Troubleshooting of the error shows an HttpTrigger action to call the RequestUserApproval function.


Scenario: Corporate website -
While testing the site, the following error message displays: CryptographicException: The system cannot find the file specified.
Step 1: Generate a certificate.
Step 2: Upload the certificate to Azure Key Vault.
Step 3: Add the certificate thumbprint to the WEBSITE_LOAD_CERTIFICATES app setting.
This ensures that the web application can access and load the certificate from Azure Key Vault.
Step 4: Import the certificate to Azure App Service.
Reference:

Question 2 for the case studuy
2. You need to configure the Account Kind, Replication, and Access tier options for the corporate website's Azure Storage account.
  Account Type--> StorageV2(General Purpose V2) - Basic storage account type for blobs, files, queues, and tables.
  Tier -- cool to minimize cost
  replication will gzrs -copies your data synchronously three times within a single physical location in the primary region using LRS.
  It then copies your data asynchronously to a single physical location in the secondary region.

3. QuestionYou need to ensure that all messages from Azure Event Grid are processed. What should you use?
   • A. Azure Event Grid topic
   • B. Azure Service Bus topic
   • C. Azure Service Bus queue  ans

4. You need to configure the integration for Azure Service Bus and Azure Event Grid.
   How should you complete the CLI statement? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
   Box 1: eventgrid -
   To create event subscription use: az eventgrid event-subscription create
   Box 2: event-subscription -
   Box 3: servicebusqueue -
   Scenario: Azure Service Bus and Azure Event Grid
   Azure Event Grid must use Azure Service Bus for queue-based load leveling.
   Events in Azure Event Grid must be routed directly to Service Bus queues for use in buffering.
   Events from Azure Service Bus and other Azure services must continue to be routed to Azure Event Grid for processing.

 5. You need to correct the RequestUserApproval Function app error. What should you do?
 How to address the function timeout error for RequestUserApproval?
 What should you do?
 • A. Update line RA13 to use the async keyword and return an HttpRequest object value.
 • B. Configure the Function app to use an App Service hosting plan. Enable the Always On setting
 of the hosting plan.
 • C. Update the function to be stateful by using Durable Functions to process the request payload.
 • D. Update the functionTimeout property of the host.json project file to 15 minutes.

 answer is c

 6. You need to configure security and compliance for the corporate website files.
    Which Azure Blob storage settings should you use? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

    restrict file access -> rbac
    role-based access control (RBAC)
    Azure Storage supports authentication and authorization with Azure AD for the Blob and Queue
    services via Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC).
    Scenario: File access must restrict access by IP, protocol, and Azure AD rights.

     storage account type -
    Scenario: The website uses files stored in Azure Storage
    Auditing of the file updates and transfers must be enabled to comply with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 7.You need to investigate the Azure Function app error message in the development environment.
   What should you do?
   • A. Connect Live Metrics Stream from Application Insights to the Azure Function app and filter the metrics.
   • B. Create a new Azure Log Analytics workspace and instrument the Azure Function app with Application Insights.
   • C. Update the Azure Function app with extension methods from Microsoft.Extensions.Logging to log events by using the log instance.
   • D. Add a new diagnostic setting to the Azure Function app to send logs to Log Analytics.

A Azure Functions offers built-in integration with Azure Application Insights to monitor functions.
  The following areas of Application Insights can be helpful when evaluating the behavior, performance, and errors in your functions:
  Live Metrics: View metrics data as it's created in near real-time.

 8. You need to correct the Azure Logic app error message.
    Which configuration values should you use? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.

    authenticallevel --> function
   If you have an Azure function where you want to use the system-assigned identity, first enable authentication for Azure functions
   System-Assigned Identity: system-assigned identity is unique to each logic app.it will be tied to the lifecycle of the logic app
   use case - Best for scenarios where each logic app requires a unique identity for accessing resources.

   User-Assigned Identity : created independantly , not tied to the system
   you want to reuse the same identity across multiple logic apps,

 9. need to authenticate the user to the corporate website as indicated by the architectural diagram.
    Which two values should you use? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
    NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
    • A. ID token signature - ID token and access token must be validated to ensure the token's integrity.
    • B. ID token claims
    • C. HTTP response code
    • D. Azure AD endpoint URI -when redirecting to the Azure AD sign-in page
                                 specifies the URL where users are authenticated and where the application sends authentication requests
    • E. Azure AD tenant ID

    B. ID token claims - ID token claims contain essential information about the authenticated user,
                        such as their identity, email, and other attributes.
                         claims are part of the JWT (JSON Web Token) issued by Azure AD after successful authentication.
    E. Azure AD tenant ID-- Azure AD tenant ID is a unique identifier for your organization's active directory
                            tenant ID ensures that users are authenticating against your organization's directory.